# Biometric-Time-Clock
A Biometric-Time-Clock app using Nodejs, Express.js, and MongoDB.

This is a Nodejs application using Express framework and MongoDB.
Initially, I created an Epress.js application using an express-generator that generates the basic structure of the express.js application, because it sets up the necessary
and the dependencies for the app.

**Command used:
npm i express-generator -g //to install the express-generator
mkdir Nodejs-Projet //Create a directory for your app
cd Nodejs-Project
express --view ejs Biometric-Time-clock-App // create the application and views with an ejs extension
code . //to open the directory in vs code

After this, our application will contain:
*bin where we find our server.
*node_modules which contains all dependencies
*public where we find static assets like stylesheets, pictures...
*routes where define the route's handler
*views where we store our templates for rendering HTML pages.
*app.js This is the main entry point of the application where I set up endpoints,...
*package.json This is a configuration file that includes version, metadata, dependencies, and scripts.
*package.lock.json This file is automatically generated by npm to provide version information about all the installed packages and their dependencies.
To create a database in MongoDB, I specify it as a model schema, I have created a directory model and a file employee-model.js where I specified the fields and their types.
Then I created the endpoints in the app.js file.

** Units Test and Integration Test
Now, we have to test our application, so I have used mocha framework in conjunction with chai which helped me to create assertion functions, Describe, and It functions.

**Using Docker
I used Docker container for my application by building an image for my application and running it as a container, to isolate it and ensure that it runs consistently across
various environments.
